Implement "CREATE TABLE AS" (#10700)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Changes
=======

> - added support for handling create-table-as statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the :ref:`CREATE TABLE AS <ref-create-table-as>` statement.
```
